# Essay-and-presentation
# IOT in Digital art and Animation
# Introduction

IoT what is the exact definition of IoT?. To simplify, IoT or the internet of things is a network that connects various types of devices through the internet. Since the introduction of  IoT about two decades ago, it has expanded in many fields. Security, Military, Medical , Agriculture, even in Digital art as well. Do some people suggest how IoT is any help in the art area?. In general, art is a way to describe an activity in which a person can create a Sketch, Painting, or even an Animate to give or send out an expression. However, as time goes by, the meaning of art has changed. These days art is mainly used to describe Political disputes, Racism, and thievery between other artists. Due to these facts artists, cannot show their true potential. But since the advancement in IoT is ever-growing, this considerably helped the artist to achieve their goals. Because of the progression in IoT artists, were able to find the right audiences to show their work, and due to the reduction of advertising cost, they were able to find buyers to do their task or even sell it to others without having to move.




Because of technology, there is currently been a speedy and constant rise in new things. There are inventions of varied packages and merchandise left and right, and for each invention, there'll invariably be innovations. In alternative words, there's invariably a continuing stream of one thing new, and after all, art advantages from that.
As you’re all aware, plenty of the art provides artists use are pretty traditional: paint, paintbrush, canvas, pencil, and lots of a lot of. however, with technology, their art provides currently transcends the normal ones. There are currently gadgets like tablets and digital pens and package applications like Adobe Photoshop, and every one of these can facilitate artists in making digital art. These also will facilitate the artists to create the method of making Associate in Nursing design plenty less nerve-wracking. Before, artists invariably had to form certain that each careful stroke or movement is that the right one to avoid mistakes and to properly portray what they needed their painting or sketch to indicate, however straight away, artists will modify their design with a click of the mouse. It lessens the trouble for the creator while not damaging their creativeness. 
Also, Due to IoT, many devices were created to help artists in their art. In this section, we will be discussing some of the devices and how those devices help the artist.

# XP-Pen creator show fifteen.6 professional pill
To inspire your ability, the XP-Pen creator show fifteen.6 professional pill show comes with a stylus, a drawing glove, a stand, and—of course—the pill. The pill offers 1920 x 1080 resolution and a fifteen.6-inch screen. as a result of it displays associate half of one mile NTSC color gamut and tilts up to sixty degrees, it shows you everything and is good for functioning on. this implies you'll produce drawings and see them in true-to-life color, taking off from the screen.

# Wacom Intuos professional Pen pill
For a professional-grade drawing pill, you’ll wish to contemplate the Wacom Intuos professional Pen pill It’s ideal for digital sketching, skilled graphics, fashion style moreover as icon written material, 3D sculpting, illustration, and far a lot of. because of the Wacom professional pen two with 8192 pen pressure levels (included) and sixty levels of tilt recognition in each direction, the Wacom pad offers you the most exactitude and a natural writing feel.

# Adobe inventive Cloud Connected Paper pill
The Adobe inventive Cloud Connected Paper Tablet lets you alter your drawings in the period of time by victimization the Moleskine Pen+. Likewise, the Adobe inventive Cloud Connected Paper pill brings your content to the screen via Adobe creative person. to boot, the Pen+ allows you to induce inventive on paper and watch your drawings transfer to your digital device of the selection. because of the inventive Cloud back-up, you'll be able to sketch on the go and transfer your design to the cloud from any location. With its extra-large size, the Adobe inventive Cloud Connected Paper pill provides you lots of areas to induce inventively.
